morning and welcome back in 1838 Captain
James Walker acquired the first parcel
of land in this very area it was only
two years after the first settlers
arrived in the colony being so close to
the city of Adelaide the area was so
popular that it became a Billy Captain
James Walker took a government position
in a Hobart in eighteen hundred and
forty although his time was briefed in
South Australia he'll always been
remembered a suburb of water bill being
named after him this home was built in
eighteen hundred and eighty-five it's
been standing proud and strong for 126
years in my humble opinion that have
been standing proud and strong in
another 126 years time well what a
location here ideally the very best
location in waterville superbly situated
between feelings and strength sin Andrew
strength with the north facing rear this
home is spacious and well proportioned
right throughout with a quality floor
plan excellent accommodation flexible
floor plan could be utilizes three
bedrooms could be utilizes five fair
draft entertaining outstanding formal
informal indoor/outdoor if there's a
cellar excellent carport in here the
attic above the children can have their
friends over they can play on the monkey
bars in it slippery slide in the cubby
house they can pick fruit from the
various fruit tree they can have a game
at tennis on the tennis
or when they're a bit older perhaps a
marquee across a side garden at a dip
down and a few years after that perhaps
a wedding or two to two hundred first on
a call eggs second third final and last
call hammer goes out and Corey says 2.4
in a bit two million four hundred
straight back in with bitter number 8
2.4 out of years but 2.4 I'll take a
hundred-thousand-dollar increment have
it now if you like put you try a
hundred-thousand-dollar rise in time
your eye all about that slide Karen
they're very spread out very hard to see
way to power wash and armies won't
answer you sing it out we don't want to
miss a beat we're at two million four
hundred and fifty two thousand dollars
i'm looking for two million 453 and time
first on the calling it two million 452
second time are calling third final and
last call hammer goes up into the air
are you done finished in silent no
further bidding beard offered and sold
to you sir congratulations to our other
bidders on behalf of Brock Harcourt
satellite office we thank you all for
your attendance here this morning the
interest your shiny the property of
course you'll be you can have any real
Apple my office they'd love to have a
chat thank you going to crows in short
answer